Update SubM roadmap docs, describe planning process (#271)
submariner-io/submariner-website: src/content/roadmap/_index.en.md

pre = "<b>8. </b>"
+++

Submariner organizes all current and upcoming work using GitHub Issues, Projects, and Milestones.

## Planning Process

> In preparation for sprint planning meetings (see [SubM's GCal][cal]), GitHub Issues should be raised for work that is to be a part of a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In preparation for sprint planning meetings (see [Submariner's Community Calendar][cal]), GitHub Issues should be raised for work that is to be a part of a
```

Author: Done, and re-wrapped. Thanks!

sprint.  Issues targeted for a sprint should be added to the upcoming Project's "Backlog" column. During sprint planning meetings, Issues

> will be discussed and moved to the "TODO" column and the milestone will be set to the targeted release. As contributors make progress during

Reviewer: ```suggestion
will be discussed and moved to the "TO DO" column and the milestone will be set to the targeted release. As contributors make progress during
```

Author: The column is "TO DO", but I think it should be "TODO". As I understand, it should either be one word or hyphenated. In code it's typically one word.

https://english.stackexchange.com/questions/46217/todo-list-or-to-do-list
